Thanks for tuning in to another episode of
Superchips Quick Tech.
In this episode, I'm going to run you through
the quick tune option that comes in the VIVID
software, and we're going to show you how
to install the windshield mount that comes
in the kit.
Start by plugging in your VIVID LINQ into
your OBD-II port and secure it with either
the wire ties or the velcro strips so that
it's out of your foot well.
You want to pair the two devices together
to make sure that they communicate.
If you are unfamiliar with the pairing process,
see our other video that details that.
Select the VIVID icon on your phone to open
the program.
Next, select the tuning icon and let the program
read your vehicle.
This may take a little bit to complete the
first time around.
Once the vehicle has been read, select the
tuning level that you would like to use.
We are going to use the performance level
this time, and we are going to go with the
quick tune option for this episode.
Once the vehicle has been successfully tuned,
you can either close the application down
or take advantage of some of the other features
that the VIVID software has to offer.
A handy windshield mount comes with your VIVID
LINQ that allows you to mount your Android
phone to your windshield.
Assemble the mount by placing the spherical
end of the adjustable mount into the suction
cup base, then push the suction cup side of
the mount firmly against the windshield and
slide the locking arm down to secure the mount.
Using the base of your phone, expand the adjustable
claw to place your phone in the mount.
Now lightly reduce the pressure on the claw
allowing the mount to hold the phone under
tension.
You now know how to quick tune your vehicle
with the Superchips application and use the
windshield mount to mount your phone to your
vehicle.
If you have any questions on any of these
features, or any Superchips products in general,
give us a call at 888-227-2447 or on the web
at www.superchips.com.
Thanks for watching.